# Technical CAB Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Location:** Discord

**Materials**:
[SIP-015 Proposal](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/blob/feat/sip-015/sips/sip-015/sip-015-network-upgrade.md)

**Date:** Oct 31 2022

**Time:** Asynchronous

**Attendees:**

- Aaron Blankstein
- Brice Dobry
- Dan Trevino
- Daniel Fritsche
- Jamil Dhanani
- Jesse Wiley
- Mike Cohen
- Terje Norderhaug
- Thomas Osmonson

**Topic(s):**

- Vote on SIP-015 acceptance

## Meeting Notes

- As discussed in our [last meeting](2022-10-27.md), SIP-015 voting was opened
  at 11:00 UTC and closed at 21:00 UTC, using Discord reactions within our group
  chat
- Discussed wanting to include a writeup along with the decision
- Concern voiced about SIP authors voting on the SIP
  - Quorum is met and SIP is approved whether we include the authors or not (5
    yes, 1 no out of 8 including authors or 3 yes, 1 no out of 6 excluding
    authors)
  - To follow up on establishing a rule for this in the future (discuss with
    governance CAB?)
- [Official approval added to the PR](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/pull/95#pullrequestreview-1165435756)
  on 2 Nov 2022, including discussed caveats and dissenting opinion

## Action Items

- [ ] Discuss conflict of interest resolution when SIP author is also in a CAB
      voting on the SIP, with Governance CAB, and define the rules for this in
      the bylaws.

## Vote Outcome(s)

- Aaron Blankstein: no response
- Brice Dobry: yes
- Dan Trevino: yes
- Daniel Fritsche: yes
- Jamil Dhanani: no response (yes after deadline)
- Jesse Wiley: yes
- Mike Cohen: abstain
- Terje Norderhaug: no
- Thomas Osmonson: yes

With this vote, the turnout, the quorum and majority requirements previously set
were met and SIP-015 is approved.
